README.md, before:

# integral-social-networking-kata

## About

This repository contains code that implements the kata [described here](https://github.com/integral-io/interviewing/tree/master/software-engineering). The code implements simple social media logic where users can make text posts, follow other users, and look at timelines/walls.

## Building

This solution was built using Visual Studio 2019. Open the solution file (Integral.sln) in VS 2019 and build from the solution explorer.

## Running Tests

In the Integral.Tests project are the unit tests I have written for this solution. Open up the test explorer and click the play button to run all the tests.

## Dependencies

This project uses [xunit](https://xunit.net/) as the unit testing library and [autofac](https://autofac.org/) as the dependency injection library.

## Notes

After I created this repository and cloned it, I had to spend some time waiting for Visual Studio to update and add C# templates, so I didn't count that time for this exercise. I started timing myself from commit 9be5a6180b3befa215e411b81132539ca7e87731 (the 3rd one).

Thank you for considering me for this role. I look forward to following up!

Commit message:

Updated readme README.md with text about both my users being used.

README.md, after:

# integral-social-networking-kata

## About

This repository contains code that implements the kata [described here](https://github.com/integral-io/interviewing/tree/master/software-engineering). The code implements simple social media logic where users can make text posts, follow other users, and look at timelines/walls.

## Building

This solution was built using Visual Studio 2019. Open the solution file (Integral.sln) in VS 2019 and build from the solution explorer.

## Running Tests

In the Integral.Tests project are the unit tests I have written for this solution. Open up the test explorer and click the play button to run all the tests.

## Dependencies

This project uses [xunit](https://xunit.net/) as the unit testing library and [autofac](https://autofac.org/) as the dependency injection library.

## Notes

After I created this repository and cloned it, I had to spend some time waiting for Visual Studio to update and add C# templates, so I didn't count that time for this exercise. I started timing myself from commit 9be5a6180b3befa215e411b81132539ca7e87731 (the 3rd one).

I created the repository with the alexjevans user. I decided to create that account just for this. After I pushed the code it, github shows my other user, finallyfunctional, as making the other commits. I probably had something cached. Both are me, but on the page it shows those two users as contributors. 

Thank you for considering me for this role. I look forward to following up!
